Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Hello?
Fucking useless piece of shit.
Welcome
to the fucking nightmare.
Go on.
Go on. Jimmy.
Don't let it be you. Shite.
Where you going?
Fuck you. boy!
You got this.
Jimmy. You got this!
Old Nick's gonna
have his way with you.
I think he's never seen
a knife in his life. has he?
Fucking quivering piece of shit.
Aw! Look at the little baby.
It's all for Old Nick.
Come on. Shite.
I'm fucking bored. man.
Aye.
Get him. Shite.
This is your chance.
Fuckin' hell.
- Fucking move it.
- You little shit.
Fingers.
You understand.
this is a fight to the death.
No quarter.
Yes. Sir Jimmy.
Are you watching. Father?
Master.
Dark Lord.
Are you ready
to see if the boy has
what it takes to be a finger?
Good.
Okay.
- Fight.
- Whoo!
Fucking come on. then.
Fucking get him. boy.
Go on.
Fucking have him.
See this? See that?
I'll make it easier for you.
- Watch it. Shite.
- Come on!
- Come on. kid.
- Fucking do it!
Ooh!
Unlucky. pal.
I bet that hurts.
You dropped your knife.
Just... please.
Do you wanna pick that blade up?
- Go on.
Yes. Shite!
Yes. son.
Fucking prick.
You're taking the piss.
Don't fucking you worry
about that. Jimmy.
I plan to.
I'm just messing wi' you. kid.
Go on. kid. Go on. Take it.
Pick it up!
Too slow. pal.
I could do this
for fucking hours.
Fuck's sake. just finish it.
He's half your fucking size.
I'll tell you what.
After I'm done
with this little prick.
how about me and you.
fancy that?
- Ahhh!
- Ooh!
Shit!
Oh. fuck!
You little fucking cunt.
I'm gonna skin you
wi' your own fucking blade.
Oh.
- What...
- What the fuck? What the fuck?
- Oh...
- Fucking hell.
- Oh. fuck me.
- Oh. no.
That's you fucked. Jimmy.
What d'you...
What d'you mean?
That's an artery he's hit there.
Aye. it is.
- Oh. no.
- That's a lot of blood.
Ooh-hoo.
Fuck. Please. No. no. no!
No!
Fuck! Fuck.
Somebody. please help me!
Stop laughing. Help me!
Hey. that's not
how it fucking works.
But...
Sir.
No. Jimmy's right.
That's not how it works at all.
Shit!
Jesus Christ.
Oh. Jesus! Oh. God.
Christ. God!
What are you calling on
those shite cunts for. Jimmy?
Sir. please help me.
- Help. please. I'm scared.
- What. you wee cry bag?
Sir. I'm getting...
What are you getting. Jimmy?
Getting hungry?
Getting horny?
Getting sleepy?
Aw. sleepy.
Bless.
What's your name. son?
S... S... Spike.
Spike? No. no.
No. that doesnae sound right.
I think your name is...
♪ Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy ♪
It's Jimmy.
Jimmy.
- Howzat?
- Howzat.
- Mine.
- Give us a kiss.
Whoo.
No! No! No!
♪ See them walking
Hand in hand...
♪ Across the bridge
At midnight
♪ Heads turning
As the lights...
♪ Flashing out are so bright
♪ Lipstick cherry
All over the lens...
♪ As she's falling
♪ In miles of
Sharp blue water...
♪ Coming in where she lies
♪ The diving man's
Coming up for air
♪ 'Cause the crowd all love
Pulling Dolly by the hair
♪ By the hair
♪ She wonders
How she ever got here...
♪ As she goes under again
♪ Girls on film
♪ Girls... ♪
Well. an infected patient.
This is strange.
Possibly a world's first.
Samson.
Yeah. you have a name.
I chose it when I first saw
the new Alpha
that had taken the woods
as his hunting ground.
I named you
for your size and strength...
and hair.
I'm Doctor Kelson.
Although right now.
I feel more like Androcles...
removing thorns
from the lion's paw.
Which means...
you owe me. by the way.
Just kidding.
I'm NHS.
No charge.
This is interesting.
I'm going to trust you. Samson.
That's the decision I've made.
I have what you want right here.
If you kill me.
if my head is pulled
from my shoulders.
you won't get to have it.
It's a transaction. Samson.
It's a quid pro quo.
Suddenly. I'm not entirely
sure you understand Latin.
Oh. thank God. You do.
Yeah.
I wonder if you understand
anything I say.
If not the meaning of my words.
the meaning
in the tone of my voice.
That I am no threat to you.
I mean you no harm.
Do you know the sound
of your name?
Samson...
Most wondrous would be to hear
you speak a single word.
It would be miraculous...
to discover that the infection
lies over your mind.
clouding it.
not replacing it.
In this tranquil state.
do you have memories?
A trace of what you once were.
Or do I just give you
peace and respite?
Nothing wrong with that. Samson.
Nothing wrong
with peace and respite.
Nothing wrong with that.
Nothing wrong
with peace. respite.
All still attached...
Samson.
You beauty.
I'm going to go
have a look over there.
and you go...
Jonno.
If he sees us...
he's gonna scream.
Jonno. Jonno. don't...
- Help!
- Go. Run.
What about Jonno?
Help!
- What about me?
- Run!
Wait!
Don't leave me!
Don't leave!
Come on. Tom.
Let's fucking go!
Okay.
- What are we gonna tell 'em?
- What happened.
But we lost Jonno.
Jonno lost himself.
Come here.
Come on. Right. Okay.
George.
I'm sorry. I've got bad news.
- George. I said that...
- We have guests.
What?
We have guests.
Hello.
There's someone
I want you to meet.
Tinky-Winky would go nowhere
without his bag. Nowhere.
But for this one occasion.
And. of course.
you saw it coming.
Tinky-Winky.
Uh. Tinky-Winky decided
- to come back.
- Classic.
And found that Laa-Laa
and Po had not only lost
- one of the apples...
- Sit down.
But they'd lost
the entire fucking bag.
Do you not know the Teletummies?
Ah. they're glorious.
They had televisions
on their tums.
And on television.
they viewed themselves.
but with another television
on their tums.
Which they also
viewed themselves on.
Thank you.
And so on and so on.
ad infinitum.
Jimmima. do the Dipsy dance.
Yes.
That's perfect.
- Howzat?
- Howzat! Howzat!
Hello.
What are you doing here?
Uh...
Enjoying the hospitality
of good folk.
We. a group of wanderers.
hungry and tired.
brought in with open arms
and broad smiles.
- and nourished. and...
- Brought in?
You broke my flow.
- They just appeared.
- The gate was open.
- It was not.
- Brought in and nourished...
in both stomach and heart.
Are... Are we not welcome?
You know you're not.
Well. I do now.
No. Dipsy dance.
Oh. no.
We've got off on the...
the wrong foot.
It's because we haven't been
properly introduced.
- Uh. fingers...
- Jimmy.
Jimmy.
- Ji... Jimmy.
- Jimmy.
- Jimmima.
Jimmy.
Roberto Calamari.
Fucking tough crowd.
It's a joke.
I'm Jimmy. too.
We're all Jimmy.
Are you going to leave?
Yes.
But obviously.
we're going to kill you first.
Go!
- God damn it!
- Hold on.
- You get your...
- Fucking hell!
Yeah.
- You're all stupid.
- Fucking cunt!
Get up!
It would frustrate Old Nick
to lose both her and the baby.
Yes. Sir Jimmy.
We'll stay here tonight.
Offer charity.
Tomorrow. pastures new.
Go find pastures new.
I'm missing charity?
- Fuck off!
- Fuck off.
Now get in the fucking barn.
Look at your fucking...
Come on.
Tinky-Winky
and the fucking apples.
"You saw it coming?"
'Course I fucking saw it coming.
I've heard the story
a million fucking times.
♪ Moving on the floor now
Babe
♪ You're a bird of paradise
♪ Cherry ice cream smile
♪ I suppose it's very nice
♪ With a step to the left
♪ And a flick to the right
♪ You catch that mirror
Way out west
♪ Her name is Rio
♪ And she dances
On the sand
♪ Just like that river
♪ Twisting through
A dusty land
♪ And when she shines
♪ She really shows you
All she can
♪ Oh. Rio. Rio...
♪ Dance across
The Rio Grande
♪ You mean so much to me
♪ Like a birthday
♪ Or a pretty view
♪ And I've seen you on TV
♪ Two of a billion stars
♪ But then I'm sure
That you know
♪ It's just for you
You are fuckin' shittin' me.
♪ Her name is Rio...
♪ And she dances on the sand
♪ Just like that river
Twisting through a dusty land ♪
And Old Nick saw
that the world of man
had failed.
and knew only disharmony.
And so Old Nick
released his demons
unto the world of man.
And the world of man fell
before the demons.
and his world became like
the guttering candle flame.
And God did nothing...
for he was invisible.
And couldnae punch his way
out of a paper
fucking bag anyway.
And so...
the world of man
became Old Nick's dominion...
and his dominion was Hell.
Howzat.
Then Old Nick did speak
to his favored son.
whose name was Jimmy Crystal.
And he said unto Jimmy.
"You are now
Sir Lord Jimmy Crystal.
"And you shall be my right hand.
"which shall be strong.
"and you shall
have seven fingers.
"And each finger
shall be a claw.
"and you shall offer charity
to the world of man."
"And for this."
"you alone shall be my heir!"
"And your seven fingers
shall hold"
"your crown."
Howzat?
Howzat.
I am
Sir Lord Jimmy Crystal...
favored son of Old Nick.
These are my fingers.
We travel the land.
we search for souls
to deliver to my father.
And we offer you...
charity.
Jimmies.
- Yes. sir.
- Yes. Sir Jimmy.
Today's charitable act
shall be...
The removal of the shirt.
Please. no. Please.
- Hello. Grandpappy.
- I choose you...
I wanna make you fucking cry
and scream.
That fucking hurts?
Jimmy?
Please. I can't...
Sort it out. Jimmy Ink.
You can't avoid this. kid.
This is what we do.
I can't...
Please.
I can't. Please.
Okay. okay.
All right.
Just stay out here.
Samson...
my friend.
There's something
we need to talk about.
The medicine
I've been giving you.
It's a cocktail
of various things.
But the main
and most powerful component
is morphine.
At your rate of consumption.
I only have enough
for two more weeks.
Over the last 28 years.
I've searched
every medicine cabinet
in a 70-mile radius.
We won't find any more.
Inevitably. one way or another.
the opiate peace
you have found with me...
will end.
But there is something
I can offer you.
A different kind of peace.
A place in the ossuary.
In a way.
a home.
With me.
I want you to have
lasting peace. Samson.
And I think you want
to have peace. too.
And that's why
we've become friends.
Good friends.
If there was just some way
you could give consent.
Just the barest assent.
Sleep well. Samson.
Moon.
What? Did you...
Samson...
you spoke.
M...
Say it again.
Say...
Moon.
I need strong fingers.
Strong fingers
make a strong fist.
Whoa.
Listen!
Focus.
Hey.
Choose a finger to fight.
If you win...
you take their place.
and I call you Jimmy.
If you lose. you get charity.
If you refuse. you get charity.
Nod or shake your head.
Mm.
Good.
Which finger
do you choose to fight?
Her.
I choose her.
Father...
master. daddy.
king. king of kings...
Join us.
Fuck.
Yes. We thank you.
We are grateful.
Old Nick is here. Jimmies.
He watches through my eyes.
He smells the blood and fear.
He's whispering now.
I can feel his lips
on my ear. whispering.
He's saying...
fight.
So fucking fight.
Come on.
Too fucking easy.
I make it look easy. you cunt.
Ooh!
Finish it.
Time for tubby night nights.
A Dipsy Laa-Laa!
Useless bell end.
Look at him trying to get up.
the stupid fucking...
Again! Again!
Beautifully done. Jimmima.
The boy's pain
is Old Nick's delight.
Old Nick says...
"Charity."
Choose your act.
I want to take his trousers off.
Old Nick says. "Perfect."
He's shitting himself.
D'you see these other cunts?
Listen to me!
They would have just
stabbed you in the neck.
Not me.
You chose me 'cause
you thought I was weaker.
Hmm.
What you gonna be thinking...
as I rip the skin off of your...
My cat has lost.
My cat...
Kitten fresh.
Cloud space!
Cloud...
The fuck?
There! Up there!
Fucking bitch!
Fucking shite!
- Get her!
- Poxy bitch.
You stupid little cunt!
- How d'you get up?
- Get her!
I'm gonna fucking
kill you. you stupid cunt!
Get her! Go! Go! Go!
This fucking little bitch!
She's there.
She's there!
Where is she?
Point her out to me.
There. you can
fucking see her there. you twat.
I want her alive!
Alive!
Come out wherever you are!
Fucking coming for ya.
Fucking show yourself!
Go on! Get up there!
Go on!
Take that. you little bitch!
Where is she?
Jimmy!
Put it out!
Sir?
Don't! Here. go on!
Get out! Go!
It's a lot of fucking screaming.
I suppose there's always
screaming with charity.
That just doesn't sound
like normal screaming.
That sound like normal
screaming to you. Jimmy?
I mean. what's screaming
supposed to sound like?
It's people
shittin' themselves. innit?
Hey. don't mind me.
I'm overthinking it.
Oh. fuck.
Fuck.
Put him out!
Fire! I'm on fire!
I'm on fucking fire!
Please...
Kid!
Catch her!
Bring her to me!
Come on.
Take me with you.
Please.
Please take me with you.
Thank you.
He's dead.
Fuck.
Sir.
You're alone.
- Yes. Sir Jimmy.
- I'm confused.
I thought I told you
to bring the woman to me.
You... You did...
The woman who crushed
Jimmima's skull
with a big fuck-off hook.
Why would you
let somebody like that go?
I didn't let her go.
Then where is she?
She tried to escape.
She fought back.
and... and I had to kill her.
She fought back. Jimmies.
She fought back.
Jimmy here had no choice.
He was in danger
of being overpowered by a...
by a pregnant woman.
How did you kill her?
With an arrow.
Where's her body?
It was dark.
Some...
Somewhere in the woods.
Somewhere hard to find.
I expect.
Yeah.
Did you not think
to cut off her face...
bring that to me?
Or her unborn child?
Anything. really. that showed
a bit of fucking initiative.
What are you crying about?
I'm not.
I'm sorry.
Not me you should be
apologizing to.
It's Old Nick you've let down.
I wonder. should I call on him?
Ask whether
he accepts your apology.
Or requires something more.
Like your gammy fucking face
cut off. for example.
No. please.
You should call on him. sir.
And ask if I can be the one
to offer charity.
You wish
to offer charity. Jimmy?
He as good as killed
Jimmima himself.
If he hadn't run away.
we all know he would've been
chosen to fight.
He doesn't deserve
to be a finger. sir.
Look at him now. The bastard's
fucking quivering!
Yeah. I agree.
We should ask Old Nick
about young Jimmy.
Yes. We should.
- I'll call on him right now.
- No.
No. we should ask him in person.
Wha... What do you mean?
We should ask Old Nick
about young Jimmy in person.
Jimmy. Old Nick
does not just appear
in person when requested.
No. of course not. But I...
What?
I saw him.
You saw him?
Earlier today.
You saw Old Nick.
With me own eyes.
He had red skin...
and he was aged.
And he had this great building
of human bones behind him.
His palace. I dare say.
And he was cavorting with
one of his very own demons.
An Alpha. no less.
An Alpha sat at his master's
feet like a fucking lamb.
So should we let Old Nick
himself decide?
Emoxin.
Naloxone. Naloxone. Okay.
Naloxone.
Oh. shit.
Day. day. day. daytime.
Samson!
Samson.
Shit.
So is it him?
Is that actually Old Nick?
Is it?
Aye. it is.
- It is?
- Yep.
- That is Old Nick.
- Holy fucking shit.
Unholy fucking shit.
Nice one. Jimmy.
But did you know
your dad
was going to be here. sir?
You were leading us here
all along?
Yes. Jimmy. I was.
I mean. I didn't know
he was here.
in this. uh...
this... this castle.
It's a surprise.
But...
he's got a few...
dotted around his kingdom.
A couple in the Highlands.
Very nice.
This one must be new.
Which is why
I didn't know about it already.
That looks
like it's been here a while.
Aye. It does look pretty old.
New. as in.
the last five or ten years.
which is not long
in architectural terms.
So we gonna go down there?
Go and meet him?
No!
Not until
I've spoken to him first.
He may not want visitors.
One thing I can tell you
about Old Nick is
you do not want to catch him
on a bad day.
You guys stay put.
I'll square it with him.
Be back soon.
Hello.
So...
Are you Old Nick?
Old Nick?
Yes.
Um... Um. no.
You're not Old Nick.
I'm not Old Nick.
I don't know any Old Nick.
Everybody knows Old Nick.
Well. I honestly don't. I...
I'm called Ian.
Ian.
You sure?
Yeah. I'm totally sure.
Because Old Nick is known
for being a little tricksy.
- Playing games. so to speak.
- Oh. wait.
When you say Old Nick...
you mean Satan?
Of course I fucking do.
So. why would you think
that I was...
Oh. you...
My skin color and...
the bones.
Well. you can relax.
I'm not Satan.
I am Dr. Ian Kelson.
Doctor?
Who are all these
poor fuckers then?
Your patients?
This is an ossuary.
It's a memorial to the dead.
It's like a graveyard.
And your skin
is orange because...
It's iodine.
It kills the virus.
- Virus?
- That causes infection.
Doctor.
Atheist doctor.
Okay.
So. you believe
all this zombie shite
was caused by science
and bugs and whatnot.
Rather than?
Uh. Old Nick...
unleashing his wrath
upon the world of man.
I see. So...
I'm an atheist. and you're...
you're a Satanist.
Well. there it is.
Mystery solved.
I'll be honest. I didn't know
what the fuck
was going on just now.
I'm sweating.
I thought I was about
to meet my father.
So. is this all your doing. Ian?
It is.
Got to tell you.
I'm a fan of your work.
It's fuckin' knockout.
Thank you. But what was
that you said just now?
You believed you were
about to meet your father?
Aye. Heart was pounding
out my fucking chest.
Because your father is Satan.
Yep.
Old Nick's my old man.
But. uh...
Nah. never mind.
I don't mind talking.
Ah. fuck it.
Just. I don't actually
know my father too well.
I mean. he speaks to me
often enough.
but I never get
to sit with him or see him.
You speak to him.
but you don't see him.
Oh. you hear him in your head.
Whole fucking time. Ian.
Mm-hmm.
I'm Jimmy.
Jimmy.
Actually.
Sir Lord Jimmy Crystal.
But no. you're good.
Uh. Jimmy's fine.
Let's sit. Ian.
I've got my peeps waiting
for me not too far away.
but they can sit tight.
No rush.
Let's just talk a wee while.
This is worse.
Stomach. Neck.
Get the fuck off me.
- Those were... One more time.
- Is that going in?
One more time. come on.
Yeah.
Stab. Stab.
That's all you've got?
What?
That's what I...
That's all you've got?
- Come on.
- Jimmy?
What if it's not really
Old Nick down there?
Not Old Nick?
Yeah.
Orange skin.
Palace of bones.
Communing with demons.
Who the fuck else
is it gonna be?
Just some old man.
A man we should
probably stay away from.
I think we should
just leave him alone.
Leave him alone?
No.
That's not how we roll. kid.
And that's not some old man.
That's Old Nick.
And how...
strange...
and glorious
it will be to meet him.
Shit.
didn't mean to touch a nerve.
Nah. that's all right.
That's fine.
- Yeah.
- Too fucking easy.
No.
The real question is...
Is Sir Lord Jimmy Crystal
his son?
Is he even a real Sir-Lord?
What do you mean?
Do you ever get the sense
that Sir Jimmy is full of shite?
Bone castles in the Highlands?
That's bollocks.
Why's he never
mentioned 'em before?
And I seen him when he put
the binoculars up to his eyes...
he'd never seen
that sight before
in his fucking life.
I was only eight
when it all went out of whack.
But a man of your age
must have a few memories
from before.
Oh. less than you'd think.
I remember details.
Events and people.
But what it was actually like.
to live with
shops and fridges
and telephones
and personal computers...
I have no real memory
of that at all.
That said. I do remember
there was a sense of certainty.
The world had an order.
A way about it.
There were dramas
and upheavals. inevitably.
But the foundations...
They seemed unshakeable.
I remember church most of all.
But that's 'cause
we lived next to it.
And when the demons came.
that's where I hid.
You lived in the house
next to the church?
Right next to it.
Was it the rectory?
Yeah.
And your father was the vicar.
If my mother and sisters
had hid in the church.
they'd have been all right...
but they stayed at home...
and got their heads caved in.
What about your father?
He was leading
the infected. Ian.
the demons on the charge.
A great army.
with him at the fore.
Always said.
"charity starts at home."
And that was the last time
you saw him.
Yeah.
Then I saw you and...
I'm in a bit of bind. Ian.
Why is that?
The others. My peeps.
I told them that you were
Old Nick. but you aren't.
and now they're
expecting to meet you.
I see.
And you're in a bit
of a bind. too.
How so?
Because if you can't help me
with my problem.
I'm going to force-feed you
your own intestines
until you can no longer breathe.
Yes. that is a bind.
I like you.
- You're easy to talk to.
- Mm.
Not sure I've ever liked
anyone before.
Thank you.
So. do you think
there's an arrangement
to be made here. Ian?
They say the devil's
always up for making a deal.
At nightfall tomorrow.
Old Nick
will grant us an audience.
But there are rules
thee must obey
when in the company
of the Dark Lord.
as you must expect.
Nobody may touch him
lest they be
struck down by flame
and their souls be delivered
to the seventh circle.
Howzat.
And nobody
may address him directly.
Only I may speak to him.
His favored son and heir.
Are we crystal?
Howzat.
Memento mori. I told the boy.
I haven't feared my life
ending for many years.
I live alone.
My work is complete.
But today...
I did feel fear.
And I thought.
what will happen to Samson
if I'm gone?
They're coming back tomorrow.
So I want to try
something tonight.
I'd planned for it
to be gradual...
but events have conspired. so...
a leap into the unknown.
I've been developing an idea
about the nature
of the infection.
We know there
is a physical component.
Hemorrhage
and uncontrolled cell growth.
And we know there is a...
sensory component.
pain and terrible disquiet.
which the morphine silences.
But what if there is a...
psychiatric component too?
When the infected attack.
what do they see?
What do they think
they're attacking?
I've seen them
kill children and babies.
A baby gives no reason
to hurt it.
So they. you. must be seeing
something that isn't there.
Seeing something
that isn't there.
A doctor would
call that psychosis.
And a doctor would say
that psychosis can be treated.
I'm a doctor. Samson.
I'd like to try
treating the psychosis.
I'm going to ask you
to swallow these tablets.
Where did you
think you were going?
No. Jimmy.
I was just... I was just...
No. You were
trying to nip away.
No. No. Jimmy. Jimmy. no.
Shush.
You know that lad
you stabbed in the leg
was my best fuckin' mate!
And you took him away
with your cowardice
and dumb luck.
So now. in honor of his passing.
I think it's only fitting
if I slide this blade
slowly into your...
Where the fuck did
you think you were gonna go?
Anywhere.
Anywhere is better than here.
I've been to anywhere.
It's not.
You need to stick with me. kid.
We'll go far.
He was "trying to escape"?
He said he was too scared
to meet Old Nick in person.
He couldn't face it.
I tried to talk him out of it.
but he wouldn't have it.
He tried to fight me.
I had to kill him.
That's not what happened.
That is what happened.
Sir.
Now. let's see
what Old Nick says tonight.
Samson!
Did it work. my friend?
Were you lost...
and now are found?
Good afternoon.
and welcome on board
this service to Edinburgh.
But you can't stop doing that...
- Our next stop...
- with her talent.
Will be Retford.
Please remember
to take all your belongings...
I don't think it's hard.
With you.
and place any rubbish...
- Part of the politics.
- Into the bins provided.
Ticket barriers
are in operation.
so please
keep your tickets ready.
Ticket. please.
Thank you.
Ticket. love?
Ticket!
Uh. I don't have a ticket.
Okay.
Let's turn this up to 11.
Whoa.
He awaits us. Jimmies.
Howzat.
♪ Woe to you
♪ O'er Earth and Sea
♪ For the Devil sends
The beast with wrath
♪ Because he knows
The time is short
♪ Let him
Who hath understanding
♪ Reckon the number
Of the beast
♪ For it is a human number
♪ Its number
♪ Is 666
♪ I left alone
♪ My mind was blank
♪ I needed time to think
♪ To get the memories
From my mind
♪ What did I see?
♪ Can I believe
♪ That what I saw that night
♪ Was real
And not just fantasy?
♪ 'Cause in my dreams
♪ It's always there
♪ The evil face
That twists my mind
♪ And brings me to despair
Yeah!
Whoo-hoo!
♪ Night was black
♪ Was no use holding back
♪ 'Cause I just had to see
♪ Was someone watching me?
♪ In the mist
♪ Dark figures
Move and twist
♪ Was all this for real
♪ Or just some kind of hell?
♪ 666
♪ The number of the beast
♪ Sacrifice
♪ Is going on tonight
♪ I'm coming back
♪ I will return
♪ And I'll possess your body
♪ And I'll make you burn
♪ I have the fire
♪ I have the force
♪ I have the power
♪ To make my evil
Take its course
♪ 666
♪ The number of the beast
♪ Sacrifice
♪ Is going on tonight ♪
Yes!
Howzat?
Fingers?
Fingers...
approach.
Approach.
Behold. you...
are the fingers
of my right hand.
Your dark radiance
blackens even sunlight.
Pride moves inside me
like maggots
in the corpse of Christ.
Kneel.
Not you. my son.
You must stand.
We are grateful
for this audience. Father.
My time is eternal.
But your time with me is short.
We understand. Great One.
We shall not
outstay our welcome.
Uh. but before we leave.
do you have any
specific instruction for us?
I do.
Please. do tell.
I command you to continue
with your infernal mission.
Continue our infernal mission.
Continue skinning
and disemboweling
the mewling souls
of your kingdom.
Defiling their bodies.
making their agony
into sacrament.
making their screams
echo into the skies.
That is your command. Father?
Yes.
And what other
commandments do you have?
That the fingers must
always obey you. my son.
Obey me. Your son.
Without any question or doubt.
Submit always
and immediately to my will.
without any trace
of pause or insolence.
Without any fucking backchat.
And what is your final
commandment. my king?
Father. what is your
final commandment?
You are to grow
the number of your fingers.
Grow the fingers from a fist...
into two fists.
And then five! And then 100.
And then 1.000!
So that no community
in Hell's kingdom
can be guarded
against our charity!
Father. we hear you.
and shall obey.
Rise. Jimmies.
We now take our leave.
Wait.
- Wait?
- Wait.
Spike?
I have one more command.
One more command?
Nope. No. Father.
I don't think so. Uh...
Continue our work.
grow stronger. obey me.
I'm pretty sure that was it.
No. There is one more.
Really?
And what would that
new command be. precisely?
I require...
a sacrifice.
A... A sacrifice?
Of whom?
You remember the church.
my only son.
Yes.
Then you remember Christ.
God's only son.
Uh-huh.
And you know that in order...
for God's only son
to ascend
and take his place
by his father's side...
Christ...
was first required
to be crucified.
You are my only son. Jimmy.
Jimmy. Jimmy...
I am your God.
I require the same.
You require me to be crucified?
Yes.
And who's gonna bang me
onto that cross?
They are.
Oh. no.
You fiend.
You properly turned
the tables around on me.
Slow down. Jimmy Ink!
I know you're itching
to make your move.
But before you do. one question.
D'you really think this
gangly old fucker is Satan?
And if he is...
could I do this?
- Ha!
- Kelson.
Kelson.
I don't understand.
What the fuck is going on?
- Who's the devil?
- I am. Jimmy.
Me.
Now. commandeer
this treacherous cunt.
- But...
- Fucking no "but"!
Do it! Now! Or I'll break
your fucking neck!
- No!
- Jimmy. don't do it.
No!
Howzat?
Kelson...
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay. Spike.
It's okay.
Wait. you two know each other?
Yes.
You're not Old Nick.
No.
Nothing is...
No one is.
There's just us.
You put on a good show.
Thank you.
I don't mean to make
your night any worse.
but I don't think
you're gonna survive that.
I know.
Why didn't you just let
well leave?
We were going.
You would've been all right.
Suddenly. I saw it was you
behind the mask. Spike.
And I...
I think you've suffered enough.
Old Nick or not.
there's still one last thing
I could do for ya.
Obey that last command.
Spike. is it?
Kellie.
Come on. Let's get
the fuck out of here.
I can't hear his voice anymore.
Ian.
Why can't I hear his voice?
I want my mum.
Oh. God.
Over here.
Kelson.
Samson.
Thank you.
Memento mori.
Father!
Father.
Father?
Father...
why have you forsaken me?
Why have you forsaken me?
Father.
In the Second World War.
instead of bankrupting Germany.
the world helped it rebuild.
Likewise. Japan.
So within a generation.
they had recovered
into economies
that outstripped
most of their victors.
And that was fair?
Sam. think.
It's better than fair.
It's desirable.
Why help your defeated enemy?
Because the enforced bankruptcy
of the enemy after World War I
was the reason
for World War II.
'48. Churchill.
Uh. "Those who forget history"
"are doomed to repeat it."
Wait. say again?
"Those who forget history
are doomed to repeat it."
Yes. Very good.
So...
then this becomes
a kind of a cornerstone
of European post-war
political philosophy.
To never forget. To...
To make it the ideas
that go bankrupt.
Fascism. nationalism.
populism. totally dismantled.
Never to return.
So how does that apply
to the economic landscape
of post-Soviet Russia?
Well. Sam. I'm just saying that
if that were to come up
in the exam tomorrow...
you might get marked higher
if you use the Weimar Republic
as a reference.
If it comes up in the exam?
Dad. you're setting the exam.
I'm saying no more.
What was that?
What?
Listen.
Remember what to do?
Yeah.
There.
- Oh. shit.
- What is it?
They're chasing someone.
Two people.
Here. here. here.
Do we help them?
Dad? Do we help them?
Of course we do.
Okay. let's go. let's go.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app